I ran inside
I wanted to talk really really quickly
about predecessor even souls which was
exclusive the ps3 Keith bakiyev it it
scheme of the year in 09
addition to that I can give it its RPG
of the year so really a critically
acclaimed title is coming back to the
ps3
we've actually decided to
releasing it to xbox 360 this year so
that hardcore xbox 360 fans
get a chance to experience what
hardest radius darkest RPGs in 2009 so
first character andrew is about walking
over here this is a dark night basically
the character that lets you invade other
people's worlds to the online
functionality
he's gonna be taking you up to the next
spot in this game where this going to be
huge mental warthog one of the big
things our souls as this year is
seemingly open world experience whereas
the first additional name
make your experience
not necessarily on Rails
so as you see the rise of the distance
anything may see you can see
castle on the fries in a dungeon you
know by lake anything within the world
you can get to that an explorer who's
multiple paths
within the game player feeling that it's
not a true sequel to the original title
this is a spiritual successor
releasing October fourth
but this year
be on ps3 and xbox 360
the URL for the title is prepared a
dicom kind of witness
the game from software as a developer
the first game was perceived as in
mccall game to conquer so there's
actually been some change
some slight tweaks in addition
to make the game a little less
frustrating at the top of the stairs
when joy gets to it there's something
called a bonfire which has been added to
the games here and essentially what that
is is a checkpoint per se you're able to
touch this regen your health regen your
ass blast your magic health and when you
die in the game the original demon souls
don't really have this thing of you know
mean sense of frustration you spent
hours upon hours trying to get to this
demon boss only two died having it it's
a little level again now you'll go back
to the checkpoint however from
software's vision for this game is to
remain it we as difficult as possible
it's not going to make it any easier if
you can die continuously the game
actually get smarter then it means
respawn
it just kind of lessons the frustration
and here I have your dive one other
things to note i'm in addition to the
multiplayer modes that were found
individual human souls
the power manager class that we have in
this bill you can actually you want to
jump into the power matter-transfer
really quick I want to show him the
ability to plant the seed within another
world so with the Black Knight you can
invade another world
to jump into the Power Man sir you
actually see that
alright so go ahead and he can use the
gravelord basically what this does
planting
here within
this room when you're playing online
that would be across the PSN network
randomly select another player playing
it basically makes more difficult with
in the world and you're going to start
seeing at human
new additions to the game can actually
write a message right now for that
player as you see on the bottom left of
the screen here
to that new feature there's others go
over to be announcing all summer so I
encourage fans to come check on us on
our website here nycom
discussions on the game really excited
about Dark Souls October for ps3 xbox
360 thank you very much